# SnarfWare
This is just a pre-release of Snarf-ware to see how things are going, so I can get some feedback. This version (0.8b) is compiled shitty-basic, which is slow. I'm re-writing it in C to speed things up a bit, so older PC's can work with it.    Also for speed, there is no parity checking, so all 5 word repeats are displayed for you to decide the pair.    The pins used are 'Celltrack' compatible, as suggested in the 'Snarf-4' text file that floats around.    You will need to obtain two lines to feed your PC, they are CLOCK, and NRZ-Data. The CLOCK is a 10kHz clock phase-locked to the transmitted 'Manchester' data- burst received from the handset. The NRZ-Data is the 'Non-Return-to-Zero' data line, which is the result of XOR-ing the transmitted data with the 10kHz clock.   Both of these lines occur within cellphones, all you need to know is where. Then you need to get the phone to receive the REVERSE control channel. This can be done by feeding the wide-FM demod' signal from a scanner into the cellphone, replacing the phones demod line, but this will not work too well for phones within 50 yards or so, as the scanner may overload with the burst. Or you can try building your own 10kHz PLL to sync-up with the data using a 4046 or similar, but remember the PLL must be able to lock quickly and have a narrow lock range, this will help.    Future versions will include Forward control channel decoding, just so you can check your hardware, and maybe a parity check.   Stick any comments in alt.2600 or alt.cell-ph-tech or catch me on #Cellular. If you have anything that needs it, here is a PGP key. Use it.  -----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK----- Version: 2.6.2i  mQCNAzCXIBsAAAEEAM6RD0Qbvpk25C/ZO7sam+iu/uU/6UGEBpeOAu21884dbgjb SbQDSB1D6W+1e7+FHITJnSxPugcoCBcu5wMTYlx9jszvvD2nINL5l5T6maL96kb8 IrUxL/QkDzwSxbHR3OSxyIu/ryyHtyOrxOx095NIKQ+2H4XqMotG2DabIkZBAAUR tBpUd28gRG9ncyA8d2h5QGRvLnlvdS5hc2s/Pg== =p4rB -----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
